sup dude all right here we go hey Derek
hey guys this is a vlog which is not
what happy hour is it is a different
format a lot of people are like well I
mean hope yours basically but it's not
it's an hour long drama comparatively
this is a children's television show
compared to the intense amount of
production value that goes on to happy
hour I didn't know put one up today
because the weekend kind of got away
from me why wife went to Vegas because
of a gambling problem and she get back
and she was just like she was like uh we
gotta go we gotta pack everything and I
was like why and there's like I made
some bad bets we had to rush out and
just kidding obviously she goes to bed
she went to Vegas because she makes
money on the side as a stripper and so
basically there's no there's no happy
hour today and there's this instead it's
just a vlog hi I'm Elliott welcome to my
channel it's not like this normally
usually my videos take up the entire
screen you're looking at whereas this
takes up like a fraction I apologize for
that i have an iphone 4 and i had to
wipe the dealer you know i have him i
took a nap and right before i fell
asleep i was like i should change the
password cuz I'm a responsible adult and
I woke up after my nap because I take
naps and I couldn't remember and I
locked me out for first a minute and in
five minutes and fifteen minutes in an
hour and the entire time like I was
going through like I was looking up like
like calculators that would say like
different combinations or permutations
of different numbers because I knew it
was in the center and it was like the
258 combo but I could remember what it
was it was it convey my 2580 or 055 and
I tried like there was like a billion
combinations of those numbers and I
wasn't able to do it so I had to plug it
in and just wipe my phone and then
process updated to iOS 7 so guys this is
a really great iOS 7 is great I know I'm
late to the party wouldn't be great I'm
anything about starting a tech channel
which just reports on stuff that came
out like a year ago or maybe I won't do
that well we'll see what happens I want
to say a quick thank you to everybody
who's just saying really really sweet
things to me up during this transitional
period and it's very encouraging and
it's very it makes me feel warm in the
heart which is a rarity and it makes me
feel supported
and it makes me feel ready and I just I
want to say thank you because it means a
whole crap town like you really you
don't know and I was worried that you
know it would be a lot of leg you're an
idiot but instead it's you know only a
little bit of that in most of it's very
supportive so I'm excited for you guys
to see what's in the future I'm even
more excited for me see what's in the
future it's good but it's gonna be good
when it comes is going to be get and
you're going to hear about it and stuff
this lamp right here I'll lamp at the
picture check out those record player
anyway i guess thats is so this is a
flogged this is vlogging alright see how
happy I was a little bit more like I
don't know I wish there soon I the
reason I do happy hours because i feel
like i don't have there's like I can I
mean you know